[[Installation]]
python setup.py install

[[Camera Class]]

[Camera Selection]
get_available_camera_names
detect_camera
select_camera
open
close

[Basic Frame Acquisition]
get_frame
get_sequence
get_vtm_sequence

[Advanced Frame Acquisition]
start_live
start_seq
check_frame_status
poll_frame
abort
finish

[Configure Acquisition]
update_mode
reset_pp
reset_rois
set_roi

[Parameters]
get_param
set_param
check_param
get_post_processing_param
set_post_processing_param
read_enum

[Camera Object Data]
centroids_modes
clear_modes
exp_modes
exp_out_modes
exp_resolutions
handle
is_open
name
port_speed_gain_table
post_processing_table
prog_scan_modes
prog_scan_dirs
rois
shape

[Camera Properties]
adc_offset           get
bin_x                get|set
bin_y                get|set
binning              get|set
bit_depth            get
cam_fw               get
centroids_mode       get|set
chip_name            get
clear_mode           get|set
clear_time           get
driver_version       get
exp_mode             get|set
exp_out_mode         get|set
exp_res              get|set
exp_res_index        get
exp_time             get|set
gain                 get|set
last_exp_time        get
meta_data_enabled    get|set
pix_time             get
post_trigger_delay   get
pre_trigger_delay    get
prog_scan_mode       get|set
prog_scan_dir        get|set
prog_scan_dir_reset  get|set
prog_scan_line_delay get|set
prog_scan_width      get|set
readout_port         get|set
readout_time         get
scan_line_time       get
sensor_size          get
serial_no            get
speed_table_index    get|set
temp                 get
temp_setpoint        get|set
trigger_table        get
vtm_exp_time         get|set
